hello this is Robin smoking vidcom in
this video we'll be making margarita
pizza we'll be cooking that over a oak
with fire on the Scottsdale Arizona
barbecue Outfitters we're going to start
by slicing up half of a red onion and
we're going to go ahead and cut this up
into some bigger chunks we're going to
caramelize these and a little bit later
we're also going to need some parsley so
we'll cut up two sprigs of parsley here
and one clove of garlic
and we're going to want to mince the
garlic up pretty fine because it's going
to go in with the onions
next we're going to use a 14 ounce can
of tomatoes and I've got 28 ounce can
here these are San Marzano tomatoes
they're whole peeled and these are tough
to find in a 14 ounce cans so I'm just
using half a can of the 28 ounce now
we're going to give it a couple pulses
in the blender just to break it up a bit
but we don't want to puree it now I'm
going to start making our sauce in a
skillet over medium-high heat and a
place in one tablespoon of extra virgin
olive oil then we'll go ahead and add
our red onions we're gonna cook these
onions just until they caramelize then
we're going to add our parsley
once the onions of caramelized we'll go
ahead and add the 1 clove of garlic that
we mixed up earlier and we'll take a
couple of basil leaves and turn them up
into pieces and add those as well
now send out our 14 ounces of Sandler's
ammo potatoes
get that into the pan feeling a good
stir then we're going to add 1/4
teaspoon of oregano and 1/4 teaspoon of
coarse brown black pepper
I've also reduced the heat to a kind of
a medium low just a simmer we want to
send me for about 5 minutes I'm going to
tell you folks my kitchen smells amazing
right now this is a great smelling sauce
now we're going to slice our cheese this
is an eight ounce of ball of mozzarella
and we'll slice into really thin slices
now that our sauce and toppings are down
we're going to go ahead and work on the
dough so I've got a store-bought dough
here that I picked up at our local
grocery in the deli department and I
threw a handful of flour down get some
flour on it so it doesn't stick I like
to hold it up and kind of work my hands
around the edges to let the weight of it
kind of stretch itself out
now that the dough is stretched and
formed it's time to transfer it to the
pizza peel so we'll put some cornmeal on
the pizza peel then put our crust on top
of that it'll allow it to slide off real
easy now it's time to get the sauce on
we're going to use all the sauce and we
want to spread it around evenly
look at that the pizza's starting to
shape up so let's get the cheese on I'll
go ahead and start placing the slices of
cheese around the pizza and once we get
our cheese in place and we'll go ahead
and we'll start tearing pieces of basil
leaves and kind of putting those around
the pizza too now our last topping is
going to be extra virgin olive oil we're
just going to drizzle this around the
top of the pizza
now other pizzas done it's time to get
it out in the cooker we'll be cooking on
the Scottsdale by Arizona barbecue
Outfitters today I'll be cooking with
oak wood and we've got a good fire going
there there's a couple sticks of oak in
there with some love and you preheated
the cooker it's running about 600
degrees right now I'm gonna sprinkle
little cornmeal on the pizzas still now
keep the pizza from sticking you can see
we've got a nice hot fire going
pizzas looking pretty good we'll go
ahead we'll shut the lid and it's gonna
be about 60 minutes
well it's about 15 minutes later and
there's our pizza looking good we'll go
ahead and get this on the pizza peel
take it upstairs we'll cut into it
there it is folks margarita pizza wood
fire cook and Amanda the smell good if
you want details on this cook or any of
my other cooks go to smoke keep it calm
thanks for viewing folks